this may look freaky but it is not
actually a dislocation It's a
combination of chest bicep and front
delt flexibility normal dips in a really
deep range of motion can be really
helpful but they're also really risky if
you aren't strong enough to handle it
yet a bench a chair or even a stair will
do the trick stay in a range of motion
that is comfortable and safe for you and
aim to feel the stretch with every rep
in the shoulder avoid pain then for your
chest you can do a stretch just like
this but you can involve the bicep too
by straightening the arm and rolling the
shoulder forward a little bit and
pulling yourself away 30 seconds for the
stretch and 30 Reps for the dips and
eventually you'll be doing this oh
stay sexy